CSS
---

1.  What is Box Model in css
    - 'Box Model is essentially a box wrapped around every HTML element.
      It consist of margin, border, padding and the actual content
      1.  Content:  Actual Content of the box where the text or image is placed.
      2.  Padding: Area surrounding the content (Space between the border and content).
      3.  Border: Area surrounding the padding.
      4.  Margin: Area surrounding the border

2.  What are CSS positions?
    - position property specifies types of positioning method is used for an element.
    - There are 5 types of positions:
      1.  static: It is default position and it is not affected by top, bottom, left and right properties.
      2.  relative: Elements are position relative to its normal position. Other content cannot be fitted in gaps left 
                    by these elements.
      3.  absolute: It is positioned to the nearest positioned element acestor, if there is not positioned acestor element
                    then it uses the document body and moves along with page scroll
                    Absolute element are removed from normal flow and can overlap elements.
      4.  fixed:  It position the elements relative to viewport, which means it will stay at its position even if we scroll
                  the page
      5.  sticky: It position the elements based on user scroll. It toggles element's position between the relative and fixed
                  depending upon the scroll. 
                  Its position is relative till its position is met the viewport and then sticks in the place.

3.  Capitalize first character of each word 'center me'
    - text-transform: capitalize

4.  What are the limitations of CSS?
    - Disadvantages of CSS are given below:
      - Browser Compatibility: Some style selectors are supported and some are not. We have to determine which style is 
        supported or not using the @support selector).
      - Cross Browser issue: Some selectors behave differently in a different browser).
      - There is no parent selector: Currently, Using CSS, you can’t select a parent tag.

5.  What are the different types of Selectors in CSS?

    - Universal Selector: The Universal selector is like a wilcard character, selecting all the elements
      of the page.
      Eg: 
      * {
          color: "gree"
        }

    - Element type Selector: This selector matches one or more HTML elements of the same name.
      Eg: 
      ul {
        line-style: none;  
      }

    - ID Selector:  This selector matches any HTML element that has an ID attribute with the same value as that 
      of the selector.
      Eg:
      #container {
        width: 960px;
      }

    - Class Selector: The class selector also matches all elements on the page that have their class attribute set
      to the same value as the class. 
      Eg:
      .box {
        padding: 10px;
        margin: 10px;
        width: 240px;
      }

    - Descendant Combinator: The descendant selector or, more accurately, the descendant combinator lets you combine two or more
      selectors so you can be more specific in your selection method.
      Eg:
      #container .box {
        float: left;
        padding-bottom: 15px;
      }

    - Child Combinator: A selector that uses the child combinator is similar to a selector that uses a descendant combinator, except
      it only targets immediate child elements.
      Eg:
      #container> .box {
        float: left;
        padding-bottom: 15px;
      }

    - General Sibling Combinator: A selector that uses a general sibling combinator to match elements based on sibling relationships.
      The selected elements are beside each other in the HTML.
      Eg:
      h2 ~ p {
        margin-bottom: 20px;
      }

    - Adjacent Sibling Combinator: A selector that uses the adjacent sibling combinator uses the plus symbol (+), and is almost the
      same as the general sibling selector. The difference is that the targeted element must be an immediate sibling, not just a
      general sibling.
      Eg:
      p + p {
        text-indent: 1.Sem;
        margin-bottom: 0;
      }

    - Attribute Selector: The attribute selector targets elements based on the presence and/or value of HTML attributes, and is 
      declared using square brackets.
      Eg:
      input [type=”text”] {
        background-color: #444;
        width: 200px;
      }

4.  What is the default font-size of text in webpage?
5.  What new feature introduced in CSS3
6.  Difference between px, em and rem units?
7.  What is the use of sprite image?
8.  What is the use of calc()?
9.  What are possible values of "Position" attributes what is difference between them?
10.  What steps you will to to develop responsive UI/Screen?
11.  How media queries help to develop an responsive UI/Screen?